Software engineering is the development process of software that involves Planning and Analysis,
Design, development, testing and launching. In software engineering the developer is responsible for
passing creating a work flow, delegating tasks and helping with the overall development of the product.
Whereas in programming the programmer is just concentrated on writing a key component of the product.
A programmer is just mainly working with a tech stack such as language, libraries and frameworks.

Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC):

SDLC defines a set of key steps responsible overseeing the creation of a product. Steps that are
taken in SDLC are Planning, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing and implementation

The steps to SDLC:

Stage 1: includes planning - this is were planning for creating the product
at this stage a team will set goals, see if the product the client people want is feasible.

stage 2: Analyis - this is where data is organised so planning and design 
can happen. This requires a lot of research.

stage 3: Design - Here a foundation is built for the product that the client wants
here people dicide which tools are used to build the product.

Stage 4: Development - This is where the tasks are divided into groups and individuals
each person is incharge of different tasks in the creation of the product.

stage 5: implementation - People put tools together and produce a product 

stage 6: Testing - Bug Check and fixes are finalised here before launch the semi-final
product is tested to see if its launch ready

stage 7: Launch and Maintaince - This is where deployment happens. After deployment of 
the product, Maintaince will take place constantly after the product is in use

Agile vs waterfall Models:

Agile - These are flexiable models where functionality is added generally.
Agile can also be considered a collection of many different projects. Development
is usually seperated into sprints.

Waterfall - The developement process is usually well planned out into distinct phases.
This  methodology is sequential design process.

WHEN TO USE AGILE OR WATERFALL MODELS:

Agile model are better suited for projects where u dont know the full details. Usually
when frequant changes are needed that is also a queue to us Agile, and
if u have a flexiable schedule and budget.

Waterfall models are suitable for when everything about the project is known from
budget, to project viability and more. Usually when a project can be well planned out
then thats also a queue to use Waterfall models.